************************************************
EnWired Direct: News Stories Dry Up And We're Losing Subscribers
2003-01-01 :: 2003-0000
BY: Elliot Marksman (CEO; Editor-In-Chief)
************************************************
Hello, readers. The digital millenium has brought with it many new innovations,
and also many new challenges. In the past three years, our magazine has clearly
reduced its output, and we've had net negative subscribers since last year.
What happened?
************************************************
ONLINE NEWS SOURCES OVERTOOK TRADITIONAL MAGAZINES
************************************************
Yes, it's true. While we did launch our website to celebrate the new millenium,
we have seen very small returns on investment, despite regular articles being
released. Although we've put 85% of our output online, 99% of our revenue came
from the magazine, since Internet monetisation channels aren't
well-established, and we're a well-established company who can't afford to burn
money like this. 

When you look up computer-related terms, our website ranks very high on
Search.com, and traffic is very high. However, since the .COM bubble burst,
people have associated us with the other failing .COM's, despite us being
around for over 20 years. 

It all leads to a compounding issue: most of our traffic comes from our
website, so we move more news to the magazine to focus on releasing articles
soon after the events happen. This leads to reduced revenue as we don't make
any money off the website, and leads to subscribers jumping ship as they
realise that EnWired Magazine is bad value for money, and all the content is
available on the website for free.

In the end, nobody wins. The online users lose, because we'll go out of
business, the magazine readers lose because we no longer publish as much, and
we lose because we'll go out of business.
************************************************
NEWS STORIES HAVE DRIED UP A LOT
************************************************
Our business model relies on exciting new technologies for us to talk about
being released. Unfortunately, that's not been the case lately. Companies have
slowed down on innovating in the areas where most customers buy products,
helped in no small part by the lack of new NanoSoft Workspaces releases.
************************************************
WHAT DO WE DO?
************************************************
We've decided to add advertisements, sponsored articles, and affiliate links to
our online website. This will attempt to allieviate the expense concern, and
help us transition towards a digital future. The magazine will also have all
online articles added to it, to make it feel like a superior option. There will
still be some magazine-only articles as well, that way the magazine isn't a
physical release of the website.

Hopefully these changes allows us to pull ourselves out of the hole we've
fallen into, and 2004 will start in a more positive manner.
************************************************

